chore: added additional links (#24)
openfga/community: README.md

Welcome to the OpenFGA Feedback repository. This repository is home to the OpenFGA Discussions board.

> - To ask questions and enhancements requests, use [Discussions](https://github.com/openfga/community/discussions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To ask questions, request enhancements and provide feedback on the product, post in [Discussions](https://github.com/orgs/openfga/discussions).
```

> - To chat with our community use [Discord](https://discord.gg/8naAwJfWN6).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To chat with our community, reach out on [Discord](https://discord.gg/8naAwJfWN6).
```

> - To keep up to date with current news, use [Twitter](https://twitter.com/openfga).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To keep up to date with current news, follow OpenFGA on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/openfga).
```

> - To learn about OpenFGA use [our docs](https://openfga.dev/docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To learn about OpenFGA, take a look at [our documentation](https://openfga.dev/docs).
```

> - To report issues in a repository, use Github issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To report issues in a repository, use the Github issues section in that repository
```

> - To contribute, check our [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/openfga/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To contribute, check out the [contribution guidelines](https://github.com/openfga/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```
